=head1 NAME

B<roomreader> - Abuse Helper XMPP MUC CLI display utility

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<roomreader> [options] xmpp_jid xmpp_rooms

=head1 SUMMARY

B<roomreader> is an example script for connecting to several XMPP MUCs, rooms, with a given xmpp_jid, userid, and displaying the messages on STDOUT.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 8

=item B<-h> 

Display the help message and exit.

=item B<--ini-file=ini_file> 

INI file used for configuration. 

=item B<--ini-section=ini_section> 

if an INI configuration file is specified, use this section (default: roomreader) 

=item B<--xmpp_jid=xmpp_jid> 

The XMPP JID (e.g. xmppuser@example.invalid).

=item B<--xmpp-rooms=xmpp_rooms> 

comma separated list of XMPP rooms roomreader should watch, e.g. room@conference.example.invalid, room2@conference.example.invalid

=item B<--xmpp_password=xmpp_password> 

The XMPP password. Please note that if you use this option, your shell will most likely log the password in the history file.

=item B<--log-file=file> 

Log the messages into a log file instead of STDOUT.

=back

=head1 ARGUMENTS

=over 8

=item B<xmpp_jid> 

The XMPP JID, userid, can also be specified as the last positional argument, e.g. xmppuser@example.invalid.

=item B<xmpp_rooms> 

The XMPP MUCs may be given as positional arguments after the options. Please note that the list of rooms should be separated by spaces, instead of commas.

=back

=head1 FILES

=over 8

=item B</etc/abusehelper/roomreader.ini> 

The default configuration file.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 8

=item abusehelperctl(1), python(1)

=back

=head1 BUGS

Bug reports, patches and feature wishes should reported at http://code.google.com/p/abusehelper/issues/list

=cut
